hi I'm Vicki and i'm joanne welcome to
our gooseberry patch kitchen today we're
making kits boccio dip it's one of my
favorites I've been making it for a
really long time it's kind of like a
chunky guacamole I think he's really
licious with the added bonus of green
chilies it's a gonna be a good one and
this recipes from our big book of home
cooking get started combine the tomatoes
the avocados green onion and green
chilies to make the dressing we're going
to use our olive oil cider vinegar
garlic salt which smells so good and a
little bit of salt and pepper we're
going to whisk it gently and then just
pour it over the top of our avocado ok
we're going to gently toss and cover and
refrigerate then we'll be ready to serve
I actually like to serve it at room
temperature I think it gives the flavors
a chance to blend a little bit better so
I think it's going to be delicious are
you ready to give it a try absolutely I
just love it I know this is one of your
all-time favorites you and your yeah
Mexican dips I know and you can serve
this with tortilla chips or whole grain
crackers or even crostini if you want
for tasty little appetizers it's very
good mm-hmm nice and fresh with avocado
taste hmm i'm using delicious of course
my mouth is full but remember you can
find this recipe on our website and
thousands more at gooseberry patch calm
and be sure to let us know if you try
the recipe thanks for watching
you